feat: init GTM Browser 2.0 (#888)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/google-tag-manager-client.md

    Starting from the version xxxx, Aug, 2023, We upgrade this template to use from [Marketing Analytics SDK(Deprecated)](../../sdks/marketing-analytics-browser/) to the [Amplitude Browser SDK 2.0](../../sdks/browser-2/) to offer better support, enhanced functions, and additional features. 
 
    While this updated template offers additional features and improvements,it may result in slightly different behavior that could potentially affect your existing analytics charts. However, we've made these changes configurable to maintain consistency. If you wish to retain the legacy behavior, it's essential to review the following [list of breaking changes](./#breaking-changes-checklist) and adjust your configuration accordingly.

!!!warning
    Due to inherent limitations of GTM, certain features, such as plugins, are not well supported in this GTM template. You are still able to add plugins using the Custom HTML tag, but because of how the SDK gets loaded in GTM, this could lead to missing data.

!!!note
    Ensure to consistently update your Amplitude GTM template to the latest version for an enhanced feature set, crucial bug fixes, and a significantly improved user experience.

> ## Breaking changes checklist

Author: Let me know if you have a better idea for the checklist.

> ### user agent parser

Reviewer: I feel this subheaders should be title case. e.g. "User agent parser" "Page view event_type and event_properties" etc

> ### user agent parser

Reviewer 2: same comment as before, i don't think this should be placed higher than the breaking changes for page view and cross subdomain attribution tracking

???Breaking change "User Agent Parser"
    | <div class="big-column">Before</div>  | Current | Effect Area | Solution |
    | --- | --- | --- | --- |

>     | Using [client-side user agent parser](https://github.com/amplitude/ua-parser-js).  | Using server-side user agent parser which is offered by Amplitude ingestion endpoints. | <ul><li>Value of `event.os_name`, `event.os_version`, `event.device_model`, `event.device_manufacturer` and related properties.</li><li>The chart analytics</li></ul>| Enable client side user agent enrichment. [Read More](./#enable-client-side-user-agent-enrichment). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | [Client-side user agent parsing](https://github.com/amplitude/ua-parser-js).  | Server-side user agent parsing by Amplitude ingestion endpoints. | <ul><li>Value of `event.os_name`, `event.os_version`, `event.device_model`, `event.device_manufacturer` and related properties.</li><li>The chart analytics</li></ul>| Enable client side user agent enrichment. [Read More](./#enable-client-side-user-agent-enrichment). |
```

### page view event type and properties

???Breaking change "Page View Tracking"
    | <div class="big-column">Before</div>  | Current | Effect Area | Solution |
    | --- | --- | --- | --- |

>     | <ul><li>event_type: `Page View`</li><li>event_properties: `page_location`, `page_path`, `page_title`. `page_url`</li></ul> | <ul><li>event_type:  `[Amplitude] Page Viewed`</li><li>event properties: `[Amplitude] Page Domain`, `[Amplitude] Page Location`, `[Amplitude] Page Path`, `[Amplitude] Page Title`, `[Amplitude] Page URL`</li></ul> | <ul><li>The chart analytic.</li><li>Unexpected tracking plans if you have Data.</li></ul>| <ul><li>Use the legacy event type and event properties of page view by checking `Use the legacy page view properties` checkbox.</li><li>Overwrite the display name in Data dashboard.</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | <ul><li>event_type: `Page View`</li><li>event_properties: `page_location`, `page_path`, `page_title`. `page_url`</li></ul> | <ul><li>event_type:  `[Amplitude] Page Viewed`</li><li>event properties: `[Amplitude] Page Domain`, `[Amplitude] Page Location`, `[Amplitude] Page Path`, `[Amplitude] Page Title`, `[Amplitude] Page URL`</li></ul> | <ul><li>The chart analytic.</li><li>Events may show as unexpected in tracking plans in Data.</li></ul>| <ul><li>Use the legacy event type and event properties of page view by checking `Use the legacy page view properties` checkbox.</li><li>Overwrite the display name in Data dashboard.</li></ul>|
```

???Breaking change "Page View Tracking"
    | <div class="big-column">Before</div>  | Current |
    | --- | --- |
    | <ul><li>event_type: `Page View`</li><li>event_properties: `page_location`, `page_path`, `page_title`. `page_url`</li></ul> | <ul><li>event_type:  `[Amplitude] Page Viewed`</li><li>event properties: `[Amplitude] Page Domain`, `[Amplitude] Page Location`, `[Amplitude] Page Path`, `[Amplitude] Page Title`, `[Amplitude] Page URL`</li></ul> |

### Subdomain attribution tracking 

Traffic from one subdomain to another (ie analytics.amplitude.com to experiment.amplitude.com) is not tracked with no additional configuration. If you want to only want to exclude the attribution tracking on `location.hostname`, not other subdmaion, add the value of `location.hostname` in the exclude referral section. See full details in table. 

???Breaking change "Attribution Tracking"
    | <div class="big-column">Before</div>  | Current |
    | --- | --- | --- | --- |
    | Track attribution of all subdomains. | Excludes all subdomains of the same root domain as referrer | 

### User agent parser

> The new template changes they way to parse the device related info which might effect the value of `event.os_name`, `event.os_version`, `event.device_model`, `event.device_manufacturer` and related properties. If you want to continue using the older page view events check `Use legacy page view properties`. See full details in table. 

Reviewer: Use legacy page view properties?

### User agent parser

> The new template changes they way to parse the device related info which might effect the value of `event.os_name`, `event.os_version`, `event.device_model`, `event.device_manufacturer` and related properties. If you want to continue using the older way to parse user agent, check `Enable client side user agent enrichment `. See full details in table. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The new template changes the way to parse the device related info which might effect the value of `event.os_name`, `event.os_version`, `event.device_model`, `event.device_manufacturer` and related properties. If you want to continue using the older way to parse user agent, check `Enable client side user agent enrichment `. See full details in table. 
```

Cookies are generated at the initialization stage. For more information on managing cookies, please refer to our [cookie management details](../../sdks/typescript-browser/#cookie-management). It is recommended to initialize after obtaining cookie consent. As we support deferred initialization, any event tracking that takes place before the init command will still be captured and won't be lost.

##### Default Event Tracking

> Check this checkbox to enable default event tracking and configure the following default tracking events

Author: `enable default event tracking` to `Track default Amplitude events`

    |`transport`| `TransportType.XHR` or `TransportType.SendBeacon` or `TransportType.Fetch`. Set the transport type. | `TransportType.Fetch` |
- `Select a **GTM variable** from the list`. It's necessary to return an object containing the key-value pairs you wish to use for instance configuration. Ensure that the keys are part of the available configurations.

##### Enable client side user agent enrichment

> Starting with version xxxxx, as of Aug, 2023, we have upgraded this template to use the Amplitude Browser SDK 2.0 for data collection. In Amplitude Browser SDK 2.0, we have deprecated client-side user agent parsing in favor of server-side user agent parsing. [More details](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-TypeScript/tree/v1.x/packages/plugin-user-agent-enrichment-browser).

Author: This is specific for the user agent enrichment. 
I agree that we should move the sha somewhere. But I don't think it's possible to create a variable in the template.
Will leave it there for now.

> To avoid breaking changes in chart analytics, we provide the option to enable client-side parsing. If you are a new user. We highly recommend adopting use server-side parsing, the new enrichment strategy offers more accurate result.

Author: update to `If you are a new user, we highly recommend adopting server-side parsing by leaving this checkbox empty as the new enrichment strategy offers more accurate result.`

##### Default Event Tracking

> This section include: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Check this checkbox to enable default event tracking and configure the following default tracking events
```

- Attribution Tracking
- Page View Tracking
- Sessions Tracking
- Form Interaction Tracking
- File downloads Tracking

> ##### Attribution tracking

Reviewer 3: I notice that the header level is quite deep here but can we make this and the following headers to header 6 with ###### as this should be nested in default event tracking in UI

    | `Page View Type` | `string`. The event type for page view event. | `[Amplitude] Page Viewed` |
    | `Page View trigger` | `Page Loads` or `Only with Attribution changes` or a `Variable Configuration`.  The trigger of page view event. A variable configuration can be either build-in or customized that returns a function with a true or false return value. If the function returns true, then Page Views are tracked automatically, if it returns false then Page Views are not tracked. [More details](../../sdks/browser-2/#advanced-configuration-for-tracking-page-views). | `Page Loads` if enable page view tracking. |
    | `Track history events automatically` | `All history changes` or `Only when page path changes`. Whether to track history events. This is for tracking page view on SPA. [More details](../../sdks/browser-2/#advanced-configuration-for-tracking-page-views). | `All history changes` |

##### Sessions Tracking

Check this box to enable sessions tracking. [More details](../../sdks/browser-2/#tracking-sessions).

##### Form Interactions Tracking

> Check this box to enable form interactions tracking. [More details](../..//sdks/browser-2/#tracking-form-interactions).

Reviewer: nit: double slash. Also on line 201, 229, maybe others
```suggestion
Check this box to enable form interactions tracking. [More details](../../sdks/browser-2/#tracking-form-interactions).
```

???Breaking change "Page View Tracking"
    | <div class="big-column">Before</div>  | Current |
    | --- | --- |
    | <ul><li>event_type: `Page View`</li><li>event_properties: `page_location`, `page_path`, `page_title`. `page_url`</li></ul> | <ul><li>event_type:  `[Amplitude] Page Viewed`</li><li>event properties: `[Amplitude] Page Domain`, `[Amplitude] Page Location`, `[Amplitude] Page Path`, `[Amplitude] Page Title`, `[Amplitude] Page URL`</li></ul> |

### Subdomain attribution tracking 

Traffic from one subdomain to another (ie analytics.amplitude.com to experiment.amplitude.com) is not tracked by default. If you want to exclude the attribution tracking on `location.hostname`, but not other subdomains, add the value of `location.hostname` in the exclude referral section. See full details in table. 

???Breaking change "Attribution Tracking"
    | <div class="big-column">Before</div>  | Current |
    | --- | --- | --- | --- |
    | Track attribution of all subdomains. | Excludes all subdomains of the same root domain as referrer | 

### User agent parser

> The new template changes they way to parse the device related info which might effect the value of `event.os_name`, `event.os_version`, `event.device_model`, `event.device_manufacturer` and related properties. If you want to continue using the older way to parse user agent, check `Enable client side user agent enrichment `. See full details in table. 

Author: `Enable client side user agent enrichment` -> `(Legacy) Enable client side user agent enrichment`
